[docs] restructure the Parallelism tutorial and add section on model building (#3897)
jump-dev/JuMP.jl: docs/src/tutorials/algorithms/parallelism.md

 3
````

### Thread safety

> When working with threads, you need to avoid race conditions, in which two

Author: ```suggestion
When working with threads, you must avoid race conditions, in which two
```

           Threads.@threads for i in 1:10
               @constraint(model, x[i] <= i)
           end
           return model
       end

julia> an_incorrect_way_to_build_with_multithreading()
A JuMP Model
├ solver: none
├ objective_sense: FEASIBILITY_SENSE
├ num_variables: 10
├ num_constraints: 7
│ └ AffExpr in MOI.LessThan{Float64}: 7
└ Names registered in the model
  └ :x
```

Unfortunately, this model is wrong. It has only seven constraints instead of the
expected ten. This happens because JuMP models are not thread-safe. Code that
uses multi-threading to simultaneously modify or optimize a single JuMP model
across threads may error, crash Julia, or silently produce incorrect results.

The correct way to build a JuMP model with multi-threading is to build the
data structures in parallel, but add them to the JuMP model in a thread-safe
way:
```julia
julia> using JuMP

julia> function a_correct_way_to_build_with_multithreading()
           model = Model()
           @variable(model, x[1:10])
           my_lock = Threads.ReentrantLock()
           Threads.@threads for i in 1:10
               con = @build_constraint(x[i] <= i)
               Threads.lock(my_lock) do

>                    add_constraint(model, con)

Author: Nope

               end
           end
           return model
       end

julia> a_correct_way_to_build_with_multithreading()
A JuMP Model
├ solver: none
├ objective_sense: FEASIBILITY_SENSE
├ num_variables: 10
├ num_constraints: 10
│ └ AffExpr in MOI.LessThan{Float64}: 10
└ Names registered in the model
  └ :x
```

!!! warning

>     Do not use multi-threading to build a JuMP model just because your original

Reviewer: Can we make this bold? 😅

>     Do not use multi-threading to build a JuMP model just because your original

Author: ```suggestion
    **Do not use multi-threading to build a JuMP model just because your original
```

>     code is slow. In most cases, we find that the reason for the bottleneck is

Author: ```suggestion
    code is slow.** In most cases, we find that the reason for the bottleneck is
```

 10.0
````

## Parallelism within the solver

Many solvers use parallelism internally. For example, commercial solvers like
[Gurobi.jl](@ref) and [CPLEX.jl](@ref) both parallelize the search in
branch-and-bound.

Solvers supporting internal parallelism will typically support the
[`MOI.NumberOfThreads`](@ref) attribute, which you can set using
[`set_attribute`](@ref):

```julia
using JuMP, Gurobi
model = Model(Gurobi.Optimizer)
set_attribute(model, MOI.NumberOfThreads(), 4)
```

## GPU parallelism

> JuMP does not support GPU programming, and few solvers support execution on a

Author: ```suggestion
JuMP does not support GPU programming, but some solvers support execution on a
```

GPU.

> One exeption is [SCS.jl](@ref), which supports using a GPU to internally solve

Author: ```suggestion
One example is [SCS.jl](@ref), which supports using a GPU to internally solve
```
